okay go ahead sir well um we're talking about the means i wish you have acquired books i gather and you said yeah and and and i'm a bachelor and therefore i do not have the expenses that people have with children and so on and i know collectors who do have wives and children and um
They're just as enthusiastic, obviously.
Again, we get back to the madness, the degree of the madness.
So, I think the thing that I've had, maybe, is not that I had more money available than some of these people have the same means, but who are married, but I had the possibility of
putting money into something without worrying about what someone else's opinion might be of that, or without worrying about children being deprived.
So there have been times when I have spent more money than I should have.
I don't care.
Did you see this as an investment?
No.
Not until about 10 or 12 years ago, and then it was obvious that after Faulkner's death.
And I think the usual rule is when a writer dies, his books go down and die, not up and die.
But with Faulkner, that was not true, because it was like he had been underappreciated for so long that now things were firmly catching up.
I think any of the books from 1951 on, from Requiem for the Moon, I don't think any of those have appreciated terribly much.
But everything, up to and including collected stories, they just keep going up and up and up.
And of course anything that's right, anything with
I've got half a dozen with the signature, nothing inscribed, of course, to any individual.
They have not come cheaply.
However, you get Joe the Pro's catalog, I gather.
Sure.
You saw those signed limiteds that he has for $4,000 each, which is crazy, because I have three of them that he has listed them.
I showed my wife.
I said, look, I said, remember the books we paid $3,000 for?
We got a lot, you know?
in wonderful shape, you know, with the glassine.
And I said, this guy's good.
This guy's got a poor king of peace on him.
I think those prices are outrageously high.
I do, too.
But that's between us.
But that's what the market will bear.
That's a loop that you get into and you can't get into it.
What is something worth?
I mean, if you can find somebody that'll buy it, that's worth that.
At an auction.
What did the underbidder suggest paying at an auction?
Yeah, but I think that you'll have a hard time getting that kind of money back for that book.
$4,000 for the Wild Poms with Glacine is a lot of money, you know?
I think.
Yeah.
Well, Marky used to...
See, Monagy was so much a product of the 20s and 30s that she would say, having seen the Galsworthy books go up and down and then drop down, she would say, I hope I never see the day.
But those of you who collect Hemingway and the bottom may drop down, it is a day with Galsworthy.
That was her point of view.
So it never happened.
But she had been burned on the hot stove, and therefore she hadn't touched the stove again.
Well, Hemingway and Faulkner couldn't be harder.
They couldn't be more valuable.
Well, I have a very modest Hemingway collection.
Pretty nice Faulkner.
I lack three titles.
I can only, for myself, collect the first editions.
to go off and get manuscripts and letters and describe things.
That's not the kind of collection I built.
I think that's one of the wonderful things about collecting a letter, is that you can enjoy it at any level.
Don't you think that's true?
Oh yeah, that's a good thing.
The collection you will see tomorrow is absolutely stunning.
I mean, it is a whole room, it's a room larger than this room that we're in,
with quotes and last cases and multiple copies and letters and manuscripts.
It's a marvelous collection.
When did I mean what?
How he did this once again?
You said he gave it and he sold it?
No, I didn't.
And he is the curator.
Do you think it's his, tell me all that?
Oh, yes.
He sold it?
I thought he gave it.
He got cash for it, he got tax benefits for it, and he will be paid as curator to look over it.
That's a hell of a deal.
Yes, it is.
He's not lacking an ego.
I don't know what the situation is with his family.
Well, I've heard so we've... Well, okay, did you...
Did he see suing his wife or something?
That's right.
Now that's... That's a... You did what you read.
That's great.
Good like that.
Okay, we're back on again.
I guess I'm really interested in, you read Sherwin Anderson, you read Hemingway, you read Parker, kind of a soldier's play, I guess, that captured you, is that it?
No, no, no.
As I lay down.
As I lay down, I'm sorry.
No, I didn't.
I was sorry.
not sherwood anderson it was the dust bassos it was the thomas i mentioned sherwood anderson in terms of uh the soldiers no the soldiers paid that i have with the inscription to sherwood and i used to have the inscription with sherwood anderson um
One of the reasons that finally, aside from the fact that I felt I'm getting to the point in my life where the money is perhaps more important than the collection, the major items in the collection were all in the bank.
They were all in the vault.
Really?
They were all out of sight.
Finally, the items that are really important, the totally unique items.
What are you going to do?
If any go down to the bank once a week and follow them?
Did you do that?
No.
Did you ever get out and look at them?
So you owned them?
I owned them, and I knew they were there, and I cataloged them up to 1975, and I made some attempt to catalog them afterwards, but I had a lot of them.
Did you ever get bored with the collection?
No.
No, I never got bored with the collection.
It was not an easy decision to make to sell it, but once the decision was made, I did not have a problem with that.
If there's not a built-in dilemma, you know what I'm saying?
Once the decision was made, let's sell the collection and initiated the action to try to do it.
It did not turn out very quickly down to the institution.
So finally, it was turned over to Peter Howard of Serendipity, and he had made some arrangements with Jeff Marks.
And that was that.
And the price is something that we negotiated at 1 o'clock in the morning, walking on the north side of Chicago from a restaurant down into the loop.
There was an evening like tonight.
It was a marvelously bombing evening.
We walked and talked and negotiated with Peter.
Peter sold me some of the very nice side of the collection.
I've met Peter for a long time.
And so when an attempt to sell to an institution, which is what Bob and Christine are trying to do, when that didn't work out, then I talked to them and we all agreed with it.
Peter would be the next person that I would have a chance at it.
Now, did Peter sell it as a collection?
So he bought it from you at a price that was agreeable.
Yeah, and it's very likely that tomorrow you'll see some items from the collection.
And that's how I know I'm becoming mature, because I'm upset about that.
all these collection
It'll be like William Weston's Thomas Wolfe collection, which is one of the great ones.
Where is that collection?
Harvard.
That's the one I like to have.
What is this?
Is it the Widener Library that is the rare book?
The Houghton is the rare book, okay.
Are you collecting anything now?
Not really.
What would I think about collecting?
For many years I thought of collecting photographs that I want.
I think it's too late for that.
Or why is that?
Hansel Adams, Diane Arbus, they're all too expensive.
And of course, photographs are like, books are very straightforward, but photographs are like paintings.
When you collect photographs, do you collect something that was printed from the studio of the photographer?
Or printed by the photographer.
Hansel Adams did all of his own prints.
Diane Arbus
i think you said on the phone that you've had no anxiety attacks about this at all i mean you don't really uh it's gone right yeah
There are individual items that I think about.
A soldier's pay inscribed to a war show at Anderson .
Notes on a horse safe inscribed to Maeda, who's called Miss Lover.
Those books were in a game.
They weren't something.
And besides, what...
You have interviewed Carter Bird.
Long before Carter Bird collected most of the paintings.
And he had marvelous paintings.
The paintings.
Could you hang them where you live?
You think of that every day.
I'm not talking about now I'm talking about
while you're still building the great collection.
I think it's into the business of collecting.
When I cataloged the material in 1975, I said that in the introduction that collective involved among other things, I'm trying to be greed.
And I would maybe modify that now.
Greed means to have
to add to.
The joy of collecting is that most people have what their status is.
There's disorder in your life.
It may be in terms of your occupation, it may be in terms of your family, it may be in terms of your economic situation, and it's like collecting
You create your own little private world and you create order, you impose order on that.
And when I did that book in 1975, I was trying to impose order in my collection.
And someone would look at that and they would say, isn't that an interesting collection, the way he went out after certain holes and filled in those spaces.
But I don't think that's what happens at all.
You get what you can, and then you create the order afterwards.
And, for instance, I had, the first Faulkner letter I bought was written to Harrison Smith.
And publisher.
And it was publisher.
It was written in 19...
Biographical details very much
In February of 31, Sanctuary was published, and then in September of 31, East 13 was published.
And these two books made Faulkner's early career.
Before Sanctuary, Sardash and Ensemblature.
Marvelous books, you know.
not the sort of books that make clear.
It's like a movie actor who appears in certain films and become folk films and then suddenly appears in a film that basically is considered very important.
So Sanctuary has made that history.
So now, in the fall of 1931, suddenly people are very interested in that.
And he went to the Writers' Conference in Charlottesville in the fall.
He traveled to a number of places, but eventually he ended up in New York in November, December.
And Harrison Smith was having some financial difficulties.
Faulkner attended parties.
And then in December, he went home.
But the letter I had was written there thanking him for the Baltimore tickets.
I didn't know what the Baltimore tickets, I didn't know what that meant.
Eventually I found out that Harrison Smith had routed Faulkner so he could stop in Baltimore and visit H.L.
Lincoln.
And so that letter touched on that.
Then, in the same general period, Paul Romain from Casanova Books up in Milwaukee
is writing the poem about collecting his double dealer material in a book which eventually became Selma Gutti.
So Paul Romaine was a bookseller in Chicago for years and I eventually brought Paul Romaine's letters.
Did you go out and seek out Paul Romain?
He was a book dealer in Chicago, and Paul Romain told me before I heard elsewhere, oh yes, I used to deal with Paul Romain.
Did you go out on the hunt to find the primary sources we might say?
And this is what, again, this is what L.D.
did so well.
Really, L.D., he really did this very well.
I knew Paul Romain because he was a book dealer in Chicago.
And he would tell me about these partner letters, which he lost.
And eventually he found them.
And I bought them.
So what happened was,
And this is my example.
The 1930-1931 area, I suddenly found myself putting things together.
There was an issue when Faulkner was out east at the end of 1931.
One of the places he went to was Chapel Hill.
and he visited uh tony butita and and uh i don't remember his first name abernetti anyway contemple contemple was the was the literary publication in chapel hill
So, when Faulkner died, somebody sent me a clipping from the San Francisco Chronicle, a reminiscence by Tony Butita.
Well, Tony Butita was living in San Francisco in 1962 when Faulkner died.
So then I got a touch with Tony Butita.
Tony Butita.
B-U-T-T-I-T-T-A.
And Tony Utena had done a piece in the San Diego literature in 1937 or 1938 called William Faulkner, The Bright Man of Oxford.
So then I found out that involved with the issue of the temple, Butina had this letter from 1931.
So then, you see, I'm putting all this stuff together and I was able to buy these things.
So I got it.
Very knowledgeable about 1931 and Faulkner's life.
And if someday somebody wants to have a list of all the experts on Faulkner's life beside me, 1931.
So that's how you impose order after you have the opportunity to acquire it.
Did you think that you were building a scholarly archive or were you building a collection?
Actually, the answer to that is very similar to the answer to investment.
You kind of ride along
Have a good time.
Satisfy yourself.
And then one day you look at it and you say, this is of scholarly interest.
And you say to yourself, this is worth money.
Make a nice bite.
Good.
I like a little bite.
I know that.
The reason I ask that question is you say, well,
Things tended to nucleate, apparently, and 1931 appeared to be a very exciting year, and a year that you had some primary material.
Meanwhile, you see, in 1931, to put myself in the picture, I was two years old.
I'm writing a
I'm writing a master's and a THC.
I remember this in 1931, and I find out that Carl Peterson had this archive.
Could I come and see your stuff when you had it?
Yeah, okay, sure.
Did you ever get any requests like that?
Did you ever grant access of your materials for scholars?
The requests came from people that I already respected.
I mentioned Carvalho.
But he was interested in everything.
He was, what did he like?
He was interviewing people.
Alas, he never wrote his biography, but he was interested in people before they died.
He taped material and transcribed material.
No one came out of nowhere.
I'm going to put the machine on for a second.
I don't want you to think I'm doing anything.
I've known Robert for 20 years.
Robert Neville.
Robert and Christine have a good place.
They tell me you're an okay person.
They're getting acknowledgments in my book.
If I wanted to demolish an elderly to an okay person,
I would simply sequence things that he had written.
I will forward them to you with no comment.
I don't know what you've read, but it's written.
Oh, it's... I've learned more about him than I do about when you talk to him.
He has poet on his license plate.
Does he really?
He has poet.
L.D.
Bartzki poet.
And he sent me his... Christ, I don't want this in the same way.
I will not be sued by anyone.
I can assure you that I am.
He came up there, I don't know what year it was, with his brother-in-law.
I thought he was patronizing me.
And I guess I never got over feeling that.
But the very first time I visited him, his wife was pregnant with their second child.
And afterwards...
I stayed with him in Farmington.
And I wrote a note afterwards.
And she said that I was the very first person I would ever stand back who wrote afterwards and thanked her.
And she said it was a very difficult time because she was in an uncomfortable period.
I spent a number of times with them when there was lightning in the air.
It was very unpleasant.
You mean between those two?
Between those two.
Trust me, I'm not touching that one.
Because I'm interested in book collecting.
And one of the things is, in the suburban supplement
we had an article last year and i showed it to people i work with some people i i work in a you know for a paint company and the people i work with have no interest they don't know where and i showed them
this article and then it was an urban supplement.
And his father, who was a millionaire, one of the things he was about was a clothing manufacturer.
And that's all over now, Mr. Swathers, into the Martell U.N., and so on.
But this article said how he would sometimes go back to the clothing factory, and how when he would come into the clothing factory, the employees' faces would light up to see him, and flecks of joy would come into their eyes.
Yes.
Well, he's quoted, and this is quoted as a flex of joy, which, you know, when I look out of the molten eye in someone's eye, a flex of joy within their eyes, which, you know, and...
One of my co-workers says, oh, I'm going to see you.
Oh, Mr.
L.D., please don't see you.
Look at that one, that's nice.
Would you say that you were rivals in any way for the same material?
There is one point I really want to make, not to be published, but between me and you, that Faulkner is not the reason why he and I fell apart.
Well, there's the only reason why we temporarily came together.
He is the sort of person that he met at a reunion, at a dinner party.
business meeting, temperamentally, we haven't had any time.
And we never would have had any kind of friendship.
So Faulkner brought us together rather than separated.
Can I assume that he sought you out?
But were you ever rivaled to the same material?
This is extraordinary.
Only once.
And that was after we were no longer involved with each other.
Someone in the Balkan family had some material to set on.
This is on now?
Mm-hmm.
Water up?
Yeah.
For 40 years, there have been very few unpleasant experiences.
I'd like to say that.
I've met a lot of people.
I never would have met otherwise.
Somebody has really, really delightful people.
When you would buy an exquisite association property, if you ever physically read that, are you buying an artifact?
You know, usually by the time you're buying something like that, the text is something you've already digested.
I think I was collecting for 10 or 15 years before I read what I would call the middle books.
And the middle books are Pylon and Absalom Absalom and Wild Poms.
Now, if I start collecting in 1948, which is in my book,
I'm buying Intruder in the Dust when it came out.
And I'm buying everything into that.
And I'm reading that.
And meanwhile I'm going back and I'm reading The Sound of the Fury and
and soldiers pay and so forth.
Those middle books, which I don't get around with for a long, long time.
You read them in reader's editions?
I read some of them in first editions.
I read Absalom Absalom in the first editions.
That's a tough ball.
What is the magic of the first edition?
I collect them.
It's the...
It's like you're getting about as close as you can get for most readers to the writer.
I wrote Joseph The Provider this past week about his 20th anniversary catalog, and I said,
he misspelled margie's last name he spelled it c-o-h-e-n c-o-h-n and i said it's possible that there is a an afterlife for book people and if there is uh i will probably get there before ralph sicker gets there
And the way I picture this after life, it's not heaven or heaven.
It's a book fair.
It's a gigantic book fair.
And everything is on display and nothing is for sale.
And that, for instance,
Bibli Octopus, who is, I can't remember his name now.
This guy out of Canada, right?
No, this is, this is, actually this is Dinah Shore's son-in-law.
I can't remember his name.
The Bibli Octopus would have the Ten Commandments and help.
Hamlin Barker and Lorin Howell.
jointly will have the Ten Commandments on the original tablets.
And Rosenbach will have the proof copy on fired clay stones.
And so that's the first edition.
I mean, the closer you can get to the writer, there's something kind of mystical.
Has this happened or is this hell?
Is it in the dark?
this is well i told ralph that a market catches him for
Miss Scully, that'll be hell.
Good stuff, man.
You still read Cluckman?
Yeah.
Not lately.
You see, I read them too much.
And I ended up with Panama.
It's a lot of skewed education.
And consequently, years later, I read Joseph Conrad, and this is my dad.
We've got a lot of his ideas.
And two people with a classical education, that would have sounded funny.
They would have read Conrad longer before they read Conrad.
Well, did you have a 30-inch July clock on Conrad?
Yes.
Did you?
No.
You only collected Conrad?
I collected Saw Bellow for a while.
Chicago.
Eudora Welty for a while.
I love Eudora Welty.
Why did you quit?
Collecting wealthy and mellow.
I could only afford to collect one rider.
I collected Edward Albee for a while.
I collected Nelson Alderman for a while.
Alderman, I understand.
Why Alderman?
Did it seem to be better?
No.
Oh, he's a New Yorker, right?
I saw a couple of his plays, and I thought they were spectacular.
Just about a couple of them are all good.
Only about two of them are good.
In fact, a delicate balance is Virginia Woolf, you know, updated everything.
Don't worry about it.
I don't know what I saw first.
I really don't remember.
I did see Virginia walking in the water.
But who was it?
It was Udahagan and Arthur Lake, maybe?
I never, never know.
Did you ever go and get to buy any goods?
Well, with Margie, you would...
You could take your time without paying your bills as long as you had a kind of a plan.
Well, put it out of the way.
Did you ever buy something that you couldn't afford?
No.
because the two people that most frequently I was paying off in installments, either Margie or Peter Howard.
Well, I'm not going to embarrass you by asking you what you paid for something and what you didn't pay.
But there certainly must have been things that you had to cringe at.
You said you gave yourself a price, but the collection was so important that you said, I have to have it.
Did that ever happen?
Well, at a certain point,
$500 is a tremendous amount of money, and then another point in my life, $3,000 is a tremendous amount of money.
As I got older and the notion of what constitutes a lot of money and change,
Things that I couldn't pay off in one month were something special.
We love black bread or anything.
Is there anything you ever passed on that you regret?
i don't think so i can't remember
Out of Marty, she would make sure that they didn't pass.
Did you have a sense that you were building the preeminent collection while you were building it?
No.
The only thing I sensed for a long time was Linton Massey at the University of Virginia.
William Wisdom down in New Orleans, who in addition to his Thomas Malkin material, had some very fine Faulkner.
For a long time I sensed the notion that, gee, I'm about the youngest of the Faulkner collectors.
At about what point did you decide?
It was time to give the books a new life, meaning that you would have them.
And certainly the most valuable ones were in the vault, but they were yours.
So now it's time to move them along.
Something you thought about?
Really, a fairly long time ago.
I mean, between five and ten years before I actually sold it.
I realistically thought, someday, this material is going to be the basis of my retirement.
And so I'm going to have to decide when that time comes.
And I hope the collection can be kept together in a university or an institutional library.
That didn't happen.
It's like this is not a unique thing.
Your life is filled with decisions that become accretions of change rather than perhaps something.
Hey, today I decided I'm going to be an Army General.
It doesn't happen that way.
But, you know, Bradley Martin saw about his collection.
Is he still alive?
Oh, he's dead.
I went to most of the sales of his return, which realized $36 million or some such thing.
But he had lots of steel money, you know.
and that he had nothing to do throughout his life except by beautiful books.
And it would have been nice if the Ornithological Collection could have been kept together, but that was quite extremely extraordinary.
But the Bessemer Steel Trust, which was executor of the estate, decided that the estate was best served by selling it off.
So, you know, don't feel like you...
You've done a disservice to scholarship.
It happens all the time.
And I don't think that the popular study of
to pursue the cognitive scholarship is going to be as wonderful as your collection is everybody who bought those things are going to take care of them and i don't think that they necessarily have to be kept in my own feelings but i'm sure they're making cool it would have been nice if we could have gone to an institute but it didn't happen is that right it was not
The material at Charlottesville, Virginia, is still the best single collection.
You'll hear otherwise tomorrow, but that is a fact.
Whose collection is this?
This is a combination of Linton Massey's collection.
And I went to the University of Virginia.
I went to the University of Virginia.
When the machine is off, I'm going to ask you to give me some ideas of things that you'd like to ask me if you were sitting in the car looking for me.
What would you like me to ask?
I'll shut this up.
Let's talk
Do you believe that on a commercial basis?
You don't have to believe that.
That's kind of a temperamental thing about collecting.
I want to get as close as possible.
Do you collect proofs?
I had a few.
The finest I had was one of the proofs of the unrevised sanctuary before it was changed.
Well, that's a significant unrevised.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, because there was tremendous revisions.
But, see, paid proofs now are down to, you know, five or six hundred copies when they send them out.
And then all they do is take it and print it on the paper and bind it and then that's the first position.
And I don't think that's worth a thousand dollars for anyone, you know?
All right, you read your books.
How do you get them?
They're all bound books, aren't they?
No, I get proofs.
Do you get proofs?
Yeah, I get proofs.
I might get it by a ton, you know.
We're talking, you know, many of which are disposable.
Most of which are disposable.
Sure.
You know, I'm not talking just about novels.
I'm talking about everything.
And many of them know that they do.
This is really wonderful.
Why are the early corporate books so valuable?
The early corporate books are so valuable, but there aren't many of them.
What's the printing?
The printing was so small.
I'm saying the same thing.
There aren't many of them.
What's the printing of the new novelist novels?
I don't read a novel to be able to name some new novelists.
But I do see reviews, and 10,000 would not be any color.
Well, that's not bad.
I mean, we only fought for $2,000.
But I have a sense that everything's $100,000.
That everybody would be making a lot of money.
Or having a lot of remainders.
Well, I'll be very lucky.
We're talking about Luke Feldman.
What did you just say?
This was in the 1960s.
He had a Faulkner collection in one of his catalogs and he did not own it.
And the way I knew that was that I had asked
Warren Howell, San Francisco, to look for some Faulkner material.
And Warren Howell sent me, uh, phoned me and said that he had the Faulkner material, a couple of items that I had requested on my one list.
said he had recently bought a collection asked him if he would send me the full list and he did then i took the list and i compared it with felton's catalog description it was identical
I mean, there were things missing on both lists, and there were English editions that were on both lists.
So what was going on there?
Feldman was trying to sell the collection, and he put it in his catalog, and he did not own it.
So what if you called Feldman and honored him?
What would happen?
What saved you on?
I won't guess.
Did you try?
No.
This was 25 years ago.
I'm wondering why he would put something in his list and he couldn't set it.
Just to do a little more stature?
i don't know or another question might be if you took that whole catalog how many of the items in the catalog did he actually own now it's one thing to have things on consignment but it's another thing to pretend that you have something on consignment
I'm back on
You built the collection for 40 years.
Did it have any special meaning to you?
Is it a hobby or something?
It's kind of center of sanity.
As I said to you, the collection is a means of
creating order in one portion of your life.
So this was something that, any mistakes, any advantages, any triumphs, there was no one to blame, no one else to credit.
How about mistakes?
Did you make mistakes with the fortune?
Did you buy things and play them?
Did you make mistakes with acquisitions?
Were you pretty astute from the beginning?
I don't think so.
I don't know if I made a mistake.
They don't bring anything else now.
Everything was a pretty solid purchase.
There was a couple of times when it seemed like something was too expensive to say.
Pardon me, sir.
Excuse me.
I've got all this part up.
Oh, it's coming off.
Oh my gosh.
The fall of 1962.
Yes, I like that.
and the number of limited editions were there, including wrote Onnosis.
And Margie called me and told me it was there, and so on.
And he asked the people who was good at that.
And he said, well, I know it's on Spencer's book,
But there is a lot of $500.
And she told me after the sale, she said, you better be sitting down.
It's okay.
And I think I went for $600, and then her 10% is on that, and then it's $660.
That shook a whole bunch of copies for a long period of time.
Henry Waddington had a copy for $450.
You mean your purchase of that shook the audience loose?
Yeah.
And who was the underbidder?
My point is if you paid $600, somebody had to pay $580.
All I'm saying is that it went up to that area and then a couple of copies came out in catalogs.
As they inevitably do, right?
And then it started going back.
Yeah, but you told her 500 and yet she went and got it for six.
Yeah.
So she knew.
She knew.
She knew you'd buy it.
There was no problem.
Well, she knew that she doesn't have the money.
Yeah, right.
It's just kind of a...
It's a marvelous relationship that a lot of collectors have with a lot of dealers.
Now, I don't know anything about antiques.
I suspect the same thing happens there.
I don't know anything about, you know, floral paintings.
You know, somebody might say, I'll bid $20 million and I'll end up paying $22 million.
that's just the way it is
Margie.
Margie or Margie?
Archie.
But yeah, you get to meet her basically through the catalogs, right?
Yeah.
Going back into the early 50s.
You know, we need our special desserts this evening.
We have a delicious mascarpone tort, and there's crumbled becans, triple cream of cramon cheese, top of sliced ham.
This is a clean roulette with vanilla-baked custard.
It has a whole caramelized pasta.
Red raspberries, of course, serve cream on the lid.
I would kill for red raspberries.
No, sir, just get the main for those.
They're killing here.
Simple main will do.
I'll bring him right there.
This is a lemon.
I'll have that lemon.
I shouldn't have trouble getting that.
Go ahead.
Do you want the manuscript part?
I think she did that in the afternoon.
She paid $14,000, which seemed like a lot of money there.
I saw a sign anyway, just a sign, inscribed to a non-entery, built for $28,000 at Bradley Martinsale.
I'm sure that wherever that is, I'll bet it's going to be a ticket now, is that right?
has to be that went immediately to texas that was that was back in the days when they were buying bigger uh as far as the book is concerned i had a copy because it's a fortune item there's this there's the business where uh
Let's see what are the kinkiest items ever went after the brick from the post office I did have some maps
And I did have one of his pipes, which I bought from his stepson.
Where's that?
That's in the collection, yeah.
So what's happened to the collection?
Do you get any reports?
Do you get feedback?
I talked to Peter's dad.
our deal was that it would be paid two halves and the second half was last july and i asked him about how i was going and he told me a number of institutional libraries i don't know if
Carter said he deals with three people, Ralph Zipper, Peter Howard, and Glenn Horowitz.
His name was three.
University of Virginia bought a poetry type script.
I think University of Texas bought some things.
The three great institutional collections are Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas.
Now, weather, a lot of one stone food.
I don't know.
It deserves to be put into class with the other three.
But obviously Virginia is the premier.